# CityWorld 2
Udemy's Android Programming Course Lab exercise for Section 4 (data persistence with Realm)

## Statement
Build an App with <b>RecyclerView</b> using <b>CardView</b> for the items. 

No icon on action bar. Floating button to add cities. 

In each card, there should be an image on top and the city name over the image with a shadow effect for visibility. Just below, a city description with no more than 3 lines or 100 words. After that, a star icon with the rating number beside. And finally, a separation line with a button below to delete the city from the database. If the city is clicked anywhere but the button, a new Activity should come to edit the city.

There will be only one activity to edit or create a new city depending if the button pressed is the <i>FAB</i> or the city card.

Creation/editing activity will be compound of an ImageView on top to make a preview from the image, then two inputs for description and a link for the city image. A button next to the link input for rendering the image on the top. Finally a rating bar. All fields must be fulfilled to let the user save the city.

All data must be stored in the Realm database. Picasso will be used for loading images.

The city model should have the following properties: name, description, bakcground image, rating stars. Id will be autogenerated. I will use latest Realm stable version at the moment (6.0.2).

The adapter should implement 2 listeners, one for clicking the card and a second listener for clicking the delete button. Buttons behavior will be implemented in the activity, not in the adapter.
